September release note (apps) (#5850)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2025-09-30-apps.md

---
title: Apps, Solutions, and Collection Integrations - September Release 
image: https://assets-www.sumologic.com/company-logos/_800x418_crop_center-center_82_none/SumoLogic_Preview_600x600.jpg?mtime=1617040082
keywords:
  - apps
  - september-release
hide_table_of_contents: true    
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

### New release

We’re excited to announce the release of the new Azure Machine Learning app for Sumo Logic.

- **Azure Machine Learning**. The Azure Machine Learning app enables you to track training progress, manage model deployments, and monitor how compute resources are being used within your workspace. [Learn more](/docs/integrations/microsoft-azure/azure-machine-learning/).

### Enhancements

> * Updated the following Amazon apps to auto create fields, FERs, and monitors during app install:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the following Amazon apps to autocreate fields, FERs, and monitors during app install:
```

Reviewer 2: Hi @jpipkin1 , Is there a brief description and screenshot of examples of the auto-creation of fields, FERs and monitors during install for both apps?
